Add pulsar SQL woker metrics to repo (#7031)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-metrics.md

| pulsar_proxy_binary_ops | Counter | Counter of proxy operations. |
| pulsar_proxy_binary_bytes | Counter | Counter of proxy bytes. |

# Pulsar SQL Worker

| Name | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|

> | split_bytes_read | Counter | Number of bytes read from bookkeeper. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_bytes_read | Counter | Number of bytes read from BookKeeper. |
```

| split_num_messages_deserialized | Counter | Number of messages deserialized. |

> | split_num_record_deserialized | Counter | Number of record deserialized. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_num_record_deserialized | Counter | Number of records deserialized. |
```

| split_bytes_read_per_query | Summary | Total number of bytes read per query. |

> | split_entry_deserialize_time | Summary | Time spent derserializing entries. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_entry_deserialize_time | Summary | Time spent on derserializing entries. |
```

> | split_entry_deserialize_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent derserializing entries per query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_entry_deserialize_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent on derserializing entries per query. |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_entry_deserialize_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent on derserializing entries per query. |
```

> | split_entry_queue_dequeue_wait_time | Summary | Time spend waiting to get entry from entry queue because it is empty. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_entry_queue_dequeue_wait_time | Summary | Time spent on waiting to get entry from entry queue because it is empty. |
```

> | split_entry_queue_dequeue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Total time spend waiting to get entry from entry queue per query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_entry_queue_dequeue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Total time spent on waiting to get entry from entry queue per query. |
```

> | split_message_queue_dequeue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent waiting to dequeue from message queue because its empty per query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_message_queue_dequeue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent on waiting to dequeue from message queue because it is empty per query. |
```

> | split_message_queue_enqueue_wait_time | Summary | Time spent waiting for message queue enqueue because message queue is full. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_message_queue_enqueue_wait_time | Summary | Time spent on waiting for message queue because the message queue is full. |
```

> | split_message_queue_enqueue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent waiting for message queue enqueue because message queue is full per query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_message_queue_enqueue_wait_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent on waiting for message queue because the message queue is full per query. |
```

| split_num_entries_per_batch | Summary | Number of entries per batch. |
| split_num_entries_per_query | Summary | Number of entries per query. |
| split_num_messages_deserialized_per_entry | Summary | Number of messages deserialized per entry. |
| split_num_messages_deserialized_per_query | Summary | Number of messages deserialized per query. |

> | split_read_attempts | Summary | Number of read attempts(will fail if queues are full). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_read_attempts | Summary | Number of read attempts (fail if queues are full). |
```

> | split_read_attempts | Summary | Number of read attempts(fail if queues are full). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_read_attempts | Summary | Number of read attempts (fail if queues are full). |
```

Have commented this b4

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/82784963-38972780-9e94-11ea-9e05-c3a1944ce728.png)

| split_read_attempts_per_query | Summary | Number of read attempts per query. |
| split_read_latency_per_batch | Summary | Latency of reads per batch. |
| split_read_latency_per_query | Summary | Total read latency per query. |

> | split_record_deserialize_time | Summary | Time spent deserializing message to record e.g. avro, json, etc. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_record_deserialize_time | Summary | Time spent on deserializing message to record. For example, Avro, JSON, and so on. |
```

> | split_record_deserialize_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent deserializing message to record per query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_record_deserialize_time_per_query | Summary | Time spent on deserializing message to record per query. |
```

> | split_total_execution_time | Summary | Total time spent execution time . |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| split_total_execution_time | Summary | Total execution time. |
```
